Okay, brother,
You treat each other as a core and want to help,
Yes, a matter of a thousand days,
I need you to spend thousands of dollars to pay homage to me,
I'm waiting for you, you're waiting for you,
Waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting
You, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you,
Waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you,
Waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting You, wait
Waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you, waiting for you,
Waiting for you, waiting for you,
waiting for you,
Waiting for you, waiting for Ling Jiangjun to exist
I send you to find
Dahuangzi’s adoptive parents
I accidentally brought Mu Zhi back alive and you died.
This one in front of you
Love is fake